G’day Eoghan,

 

Great to hear from you, and thanks for the updates on the old crew. Congratulations on becoming a Dad, it’s a wonderful thing! When do you think Martin will become a Dad???

 

Yes, life is moving on at a great rate at the moment. We’ve had a particularly busy few years, we moved back to Tassie after a few years in Adelaide and since then we got married, bought a house and have had a baby and.......... have got another one on the way (Due 20thJan), all very exciting. Kristy and I are loving being parents, we’ve been pretty blessed mind you, Sidney has been a great baby, he’s a  good sleeper and good eater and is always (mostly) happy. Kristy had 13 months off and has returned to work part time (2 days a week). She’s working with Pfizer as a medical sales rep.

 

When I moved back to Tassie in 2008, I took over from Matt Bradshaw as the Scalefish fishery manager, and Matt took over abalone. However I’m currently working on a secondment-type arrangement with South Australian Fisheries to write the management plan for their marine scalefish fishery. I’m still based here in Hobart but travel back to Adelaide as required. The family and I are heading there tomorrow for 2 weeks. It’s been good as I get to catch up with Adrian on a regular basis too.

 

Once again, great to hear from you and pass on my regards to Ollie and Eimear (and the boys next time you see them). We often think of Ireland and wonder when we’ll head back....

 

Love to Ailish (spelling?) and Gabriel too.

 

Andrew

 

No I’m not on Facebook, Kristy is but hasn’t been very active of late. Here’s a couple of pics of Sid.

 

From:Eoghan Kelly [mailto:Ekelly@marine.ie]
Sent:Tuesday, 12 July 2011 12:20 AM
To:Sullivan, Andrew (DPIPWE)
Subject:A very long time!

 

Hi Andrew,

 

I was reading a research paper that mentioned Tasmania and I thought I check up on you.  I see your working for the government now as am I.  There have been many changes since you left Ireland (personal and professional, not to mention economic!).  Ollie, Eimear and myself are all based at the Marine Institute now.  Ollie arrived first after leaving BIM in July 2008, then I got a job here in April 2009 and Eimear landed a year later.  We’re all working in different groups but we see each other for coffee and lunch most days to catch up.  Antonio is working for a UK fishery certification company called Food Certification International (related to MSC) and is based at home in Spain.  The rest of the lads (Ronan, Daragh and Martin) are still in the old office and I call in when ever I need to use the free parking!  

 

I noticed from the DPIPWE website that you have a baby now?  That’s great news and fits into the baby boom that has been going on here with Ronan, Daragh and myself all dads and Eimear is due in November.  Ronan has a baby girl called Aisling (15 months old), Daragh has a boy called Gearoid (nearly 2 years) and I have a boy called Gabriel who will be one at the end of the month (see attached photo!).  

 

As I’m sure you’ve heard that economically Ireland is in tatters and the mythical Celtic Tiger is well and truly dead!  We’re being slowly dragged to bankruptcy by the bank guarantee given in 2008 and nobody seems to be able or willing to do anything about it.  At this stage it seems like the so called ‘European Experiment’ might be coming to an end.  If that happens I hope you have a spare bedroom in your house as we’ll all be coming over to Taz looking for work!

 

I hope all is going well and that parenthood is treating you well.  

 

Give my love to Kristy (and Sidney!) and talk soon,

 

Eoghan

 

Ps Are you on Facebook?  

 

 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This message contains confidential information and is intended only for the individual(s) named. If you are not the named addressee you should not disseminate, distribute or copy this e-mail. Please notify the sender immediately by e-mail if you have received this e-mail by mistake and delete this e-mail from your system. E-mail transmission cannot be guaranteed to be secure or error-free as information could be intercepted, corrupted, lost, destroyed, arrive late or incomplete, or contain viruses. The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message, which arise as a result of e-mail transmission.

Is don té atá ainmithe an teachtaireacht seo agus inte tá eolas rúnda. Muna tú an té atá ainmithe níor chóir duit an ríomhphost seo a eis-sheacada, scaipeadh ná a choipáil. Má fuir tú an ríomhphost seo tré thimpist cur a té a sheol é ar an eolas láthaireach tré ríomhphost agus scrios é ó do choras féin. Ní féidir a chíntiú go bhfuil ríomhphost gan lucht ná sábhailte de bharr módh seachadadh na ríomhphost. D’fhéadfach sé go ndéanfaí tascradh ar an eolas, go mbeadh sé curtha as rocht, go gcailfí nó go scriosfí é, go mbeadh moill ar, é easnamhach nó go mbeadh víreas curtha leis le linn a sheachadadh. Dá bhrí sin ní glacann an té a sheol le aon mhiléan maidir le easnaimh nó butúin in ábhar na teachtaireachta a tharlaíonn le linn a sheachadadh.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONFIDENTIALITY NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER
The information in this transmission may be confidential and/or protected by legal professional privilege, and is intended only for the person or persons to whom it is addressed. If you are not such a person, you are warned that any disclosure, copying or dissemination of the information is unauthorised. If you have received the transmission in error, please immediately contact this office by telephone, fax or email, to inform us of the error and to enable arrangements to be made for the destruction of the transmission, or its return at our cost. No liability is accepted for any unauthorised use of the information contained in this transmission.
